.TH "Animail" "1" "2.0" "Juanjo Álvarez" ""
.SH "ANIMAIL"
.LP 
animail \- POP3/IMAP4 Mail retrieval utility with filtering features
.SH "SYNTAX"
.LP 
animail [\fI\-h|\-\-help\fP] [\fI\-F|\-\-only\-filter\fP] [\fI\-l|\-\-no\-summary\fP] [\fI\-o|\-\-download\-order= arrival|small|big\fP] [\fI\-f|\-\-mbox\-file=file\fP] [\fI\-v|\-\-verbose\fP] [\fI\-s|\-\-max\-size=size\fP] [\fI\-n|\-\-max\-to\-download=max\fP] [\fI\-B|\-\-syslog\-output\fP] [\fI\-t|\-\-quiet\fP]
.br 

.SH "DESCRIPTION"
.LP 
Animail is an MDA that retrieves mail from a mail server (using POP3/APOP or IMAP4 with or without SSL) and deliver it to the local system in a (configurable) variety of ways like: talking to a local SMTP server, writing the messages to a mbox file, storing it in a maildir directory or using an external command to do the delivery.
.br 
This manual page only details the command line parameters; you must configure animail creating a $HOME/.animail/animailrc file before using it (see the docs.html file and/or the included animailrc example for documentation on doing this).
.SH "OPTIONS"
.LP 
.TP 
\fB\-h|\-\-help\fR
Output help information and exit.
.TP 
\fB\-F|\-\-only\-filter\fR
Don't download any mail in this session, only filter.
.TP 
\fB\-l|\-\-no\-summary\fR
Don't show the operation summary. By default Animail will show a operation summary 
at the end of his run showing some stadistics like the number of downloaded messages 
,their origins, sizes, filtered messages, etc. With this option that summary is not shown.
.TP 
\fB\-o|\-\-download\-order=arrival|small|big>\fR
Size based order in which messages will be downloaded from the server.
.TP 
\fB\-v|\-\-verbose\fR
Enable verbose mode
.TP 
\fB\-s|\-\-max\-size=size\fR
Delete message bigger than the specified size from the server
.TP 
\fB\-n|\-\-max\-to\-download=max\fR
Don't download more than 'max' size on this session
.TP 
\fB\-B|\-\-syslog\-output\fR
Redirect all program output to the system log
.TP 
\fB\-t|\-\-quiet\fR
Don't show the downloaded percent while downloading messages

.SH "FILES"
.LP 
\fI$HOME/.animail/animailrc\fP 
.br 
\fI/var/log/mail.log\fP 
.SH "ENVIRONMENT VARIABLES"
.LP 
.TP 
\fBHOME\fP
Specifies the home directory

.SH "AUTHORS"
.LP 
Juanjo Álvarez Martínez <juanjux@yahoo.es>
